The hurricane is really coming.
Mom, I'm afraid it's alright
Where is mom?
Communism is still sunny
Why is it so windy now?
The wind was blowing.
This thunder
There won't be a hurricane, will there?
Isn't it normal for He Xue Haimi to rain?
Blizzard, let's go
Wait a minute, my mom, they're still here
30 seconds is too late, let's go
This
This room is too big
Let's go in for a walk too
It stinks. This is not a basement
This is where the water dries.
Hahahahaha
They had to hide in the dry-water room to eat dry water
Hahaha Qingfeng, do you want to eat dry water too?
Qingfeng, your family is going to eat dry water.
With fire
Together, Mr. Qin
I didn't expect you to have such a hobby
15 seconds to go.
You fast forward
Everyone, go in
It's so ugly in here, it's wrong.
What do you want us to do?
If you don't want to die, hurry in
Forward if there were no hurricanes
I can't spare you.
Stupid Chinese people
He actually killed around behind Xiangzi's lies
Are these people crazy?
This group of people really went to eat dry water together haha
How is it? Is the dry water delicious? Hahaha.
Stay here if you want to die
Uh-huh.